<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_special_collections">
    <title>Special Collections</title>
    <shortdesc>Special collections are collections that have additional features such as "Duplicate Items" and "Unfiled Items".</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Special collections offer additinal services to the user through automated behaviors. When items do not fit within the guidelines of an existing collections, Special Collections often provide a suitable location.</p>
        <section>
            <title>My Publications</title>
            <p>The My Publications special collection allows you to share your own research work (including items, notes, and attachment files) publicly with the world. Drag your publications to this collection to launch the My Publication wizard, which will allow you to select which notes, links, and files are shared.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Duplicate Items</title>
            <p>The Duplicate Items special collection shows items that Zotero has identified as potential duplicates. You can use this collection to review and merge duplicate items.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Unfiled Items</title>
            <p>Items that are not in any collection can be found in the Unfiled Items special collection at the bottom of the collections list in the left Zotero pane.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Trash</title>
            <p>When you delete an item, they are moved to the Trash special collection. By default, items remain in the Trash for 30 days, after which they are deleted permanently.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
